A boy who is called Baron went to a place of interest with his classmates and teachers.  He sat beside Alley who was his best friend. Baron fell asleep on the bus because this journey did not reach his expected. When he was wakened up, He suddenly realized that he was locked in the castle alone.

He saw a big rotten room around him with niff, he was looking outside that it had full of dark around the castle. ¡°This is not Earth!!¡± he shouted. It forced Baron to find the way out, in order to go back to the world he lived.

You need to use the key in Star Room.

Suddenly, a big stone was falling on Baron, he nimbly out of the courtyard, and jumped 
into the WonderRoom.

¡°you must finish the riddle first, then you can get the shovel to reach  another room.¡±A mysterious sound said to Baron.

After spending a lot of time on digging the stone, Baron finally reaches to the courtyard.

If you want to enter this place, you need to find the master sword and keepsake ring to unlock this room.

A bloody ape came out, and Baron must defeat it, he has no choices to decide...

Baron defeated the bloody ape, but a mysterious sound told you, your friend Allen was here, do you want to save him? (YES or NO)

YES!
(......)
Baron exhausted himself to find his unique best friend -- Allen. He was the only one, who is meaningful to him in his childhood. He finally found his unconscious friend Allen and held tightly in his arms. Harsh light shined on their body, with a strong headache. After that, they woke up on the bus,  and they realized they escaped that castle, with a happy ending... A bloody hand grabbed their chair from the ground with a strange portal, is this really a good ending?

NO!
Baron felt so tired that he can¡¯t even move his fingers, he unconsciously said ¡°No!¡±. After that, Baron woke up on the bus, he suddenly realized that Allen didn¡¯t sit beside him, he worryingly asks his classmates, but no one knows who is Allen......

Dead:
A Bloody hand slowly close Baron's eyes.Everything is futile......

Live:
Baron pay his effort and finally Beat the monster down